PRODUCT NOTICES

Copyright 2011 MarkLogic Corporation. All rights reserved.

The MarkLogic software is protected by United States and international
copyright laws, and incorporates certain third party libraries and
components which are subject to the attributions, terms, conditions and
disclaimers set forth below.

1. Contains SAP BusinessObjects Text Analysis XI from SAP AG. Copyright
1996-2011. All rights reserved.

2. Highslide Software from Highslide Software Torstein Honsi. All Highslide
Software is protected by local and international copyright laws. All rights
reserved.

3. Icons developed by Yusuke Kamiyamane. Copyright 2011 Yusuke
Kamiyamane. All rights reserved. Icons are licensed subject to
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode

4. Antenna House OfficeHTML Copyright 2000-2008 Antenna House, Inc. All
rights reserved.

5. Argus Copyright 1999-2008 Iceni Technology Ltd. All rights reserved.

6. Rosette Linguistics Platform 6.5.2/6.5.3 from Basis Technology
Corporation, Copyright 2004-2008 Basis Technology Corporation. All rights
reserved.

7. ISYS Search. Copyright 2011 ISYS(tm) Search Software, Inc. All rights
reserved.

8. Software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL
Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/) Copyright 1995-1998 Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com). All rights reserved. Copyright 1998-2011 The OpenSSL
Project. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of
this software must display the following acknowledgment: "This product
includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL
Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)" 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and
"OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without prior written permission. For written
permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org. 5. Products derived
from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear in
their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL
Project. 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the
following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the
OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This product includes cryptographic software
written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software
written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com). Additional terms may apply to
the foregoing software as further set forth at
http://www.openssl.org/source/license.html

9. ICU 4.2.1 available from http://site.icu-project.org/ Copyright
1995-2011 International Business Machines Corporation and others. All
rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the
above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies
of the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this
permission notice appear in supporting documentation. THE SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright
holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.

10. Tidy available at http://www.w3.org/People/Raggett/tidy/. Copyright
1998-2008 World Wide Web Consortium (Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, European Research Consortium for Informatics and Mathematics,
Keio University). All Rights Reserved.

11. 'zlib' general purpose compression library v. 1.2.3. Copyright
1995-2005 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark
Adler. http://www.zlib.net/zlib_license.html

12. RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm, copyright
1991-2, RSA Data Security, Inc. Created 1991. All rights reserved.
License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is
identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm"
in all material mentioning or referencing this software or this
function. License is also granted to make and use derivative works
provided that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data
Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or
referencing the derived work. RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no
representations concerning either the merchantability of this software or
the suitability of this software for any particular purpose. It is
provided "as is" without express or implied warranty of any kind. These
notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this documentation
and/or software.

13. TRE software, available at http://laurikari.net/tre/. Copyright
2001-2009 Ville Laurikari <vl@iki.fi>. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: (1) Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. (2)
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

14. Eigen Library, version 2.0.10, available at
http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page Eigen Library is
free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of
the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version. Eigen Library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser
General Public License for more details. You should have received a copy
of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with Eigen Library. If not,
see: http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html

15. FunctX XQuery Library v. 1.0 available at
http://www.xqueryfunctions.com/xq/ Copyright Datypic (Priscilla
Walmsley). You can redistribute such library and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. This library is distributed in the hope that it
will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU Lesser General Public License as available at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html#SEC4 for more details.

16. DeployJava.js v. 1.8, Copyright 2006, 2011, Oracle and/or its
affiliates. All rights reserved. ORACLE PROPRIETARY/CONFIDENTIAL. Use of
the foregoing library is subject to the following license terms.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  Neither the name
of Oracle nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

17. YUI libraries v. 2.8 available at http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/
Copyright 2011 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. Use of the foregoing
libraries is subject to the following license terms. Redistribution and
use of this software in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the name of
Yahoo! Inc. nor the names of YUI's contributors may be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission of Yahoo! Inc. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE. Additional notices related to components included in the foregoing
library are also available at the following URL:
http://yuilibrary.com/license/

18. XSLTForms libraries available at
http://sourceforge.net/projects/xsltforms/ You can redistribute such
libraries and/or modify them under the terms of the GNU Lesser General
Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.  These
libraries are distributed in the hope that they will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public
License as available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html#SEC4 for
more details.

19. jQuery v. 1.4 libraries available at http://jquery.com/ and jQuery UI
v. 1.8.2 libraries available at http://jqueryui.com/. Copyright 2011 John
Resig. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND,EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OFMERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ANDNONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BELIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTIONOF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTIONWITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

20. JSON v. 2 libraries available at http://www.json.org/json2.js
Copyright 2002 JSON.org. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission
notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. The Software shall be used for Good, not Evil. THE SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

21. CodeMirror libraries available at http://codemirror.net/ Copyright
2011 by Marijn Haverbeke marijnh@gmail.com. Permission is hereby granted,
free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and
this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

22. cURL v. 7.22.0 available at http://curl.haxx.se/ Copyright 1996 -
2011, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>. All rights reserved.  Permission
to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or
without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
and this permission notice appear in all copies. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
"AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to
promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior
written authorization of the copyright holder.

23. History.js available https://github.com/balupton/History.js/ Copyright
2011, Benjamin Arthur Lupton. All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and
the following disclaimer.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.  Neither the name of Benjamin Arthur Lupton nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

24. Sample content provided for use with the software is copyrighted by the
respective authors as contributed by each of them to Wikipedia pursuant to
the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License found at
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/.

25. The MarkLogic Connector for Hadoop contains Apache Jakarta Commons
Modeler.  Copyright 2001-2007 The Apache Software Foundation. Licensed
under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License").  You may not use
this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  Unless
required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES
OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for
the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the
License.

TRADEMARK NOTICE

The MarkLogic name and logo are registered trademarks of MarkLogic
Corporation. Excel and PowerPoint are either registered trademarks or
trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other
countries. Any other names or logos included in the Software, this
notice or the documentation are property of the respective trademark
owners.
